It's been a few days but there's a
wound that does not heal I feel
jara disappointed disappointed me
disappointed chile disappointed me the
arbitration and I also felt that I
disappointed football on game day
everyone suggested that I do not play that I
Focus more on my family problems
since my family is going through a
horrible moment however for a
question of conviction for an issue
of respect for the team and respect for
football I decided to play so that it does not stop
go out on the court and be insulted be
attacked they even told me things like you
dad is going to eat 20 years prisoner me
they discarded that they are so few humans
and that in order to win they resort to
unworthy and cruel strategies I can
tolerate cruel aggressions but that you
put two fingers in the tail is something
quite annoying difficult to cope with
and react basically by instinct to
which jara did a performance worthy of
Broadway is sad that in football
there are these things when I was a
boy
and I played with my ball all day was
because I loved the sport because I
I loved to run goals and go
surpassing me both technically and
learn to play as a team I remember
my adolescence I admired gabriel
Batistuta and other players who
there they did not play in my position as the
Chinese recoba or pavel nedved admired them
I would never have crossed the
head put two fingers in the tail to
pavel nedved because soccer is not
it's about that jara is a poor human being
an unsuccessful footballer who resorts to
acting and the indignity to fill
his shortcomings as a footballer for me
He was wrong in the field because as an actor
I see better and if so eager to put
fingers in the tail you should should be engaged
to pornography in tsunamis and in
the earthquakes killed many chileans
hardworking and honest and I wonder
why sometimes still alive jara
it seems that in this world
the good suffer and the bad enjoy
it seems that evil triumphs over
well nothing more to say thank you for reading
Y
and